added README (#3)
skwong25/receipt_generator: README.md

# Receipt Generator #

> # A CLI to generate receipts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# A CLI tool for generating customer receipts as PNGs
```

> A command line tool capable of generating a receipt for any shop. Generates a PNG image of a receipt. The tool accepts order information as a JSON string. The tool provides a --help option which provides concise documentation on how to use it. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A command line tool used for generating customer receipts as PNGs, intended to be customizable for any shop. The tool accepts information about a customer's purchase as a JSON string and prints it using the [Canvas node module](https://github.com/Automattic/node-canvas). The generated receipt looks like the following:
```

## Getting Started 

If npm is not yet installed (run 'npm -v' in Terminal to check), run 'npm install' to install. 

> Run 'npm start' on Terminal to start the server. 

Reviewer: This doesn't start a server or send http requests

See section [How To Use](#how-to-use) to begin sending http requests. 
See section [Tests](#how-to-test) for how to run test suites. 

# Motivation

To create a CLI that takes command line arguments and outputs imagery. 

> It provided the opportunity to write a technical spec, mock up the layout in Indesign and plan & manage tasks using Kanban board in Trello. The project was implemented with the canvas npm module. 

Reviewer: Also gave you the opportunity to publish something useful to npm

## How To Use 

1. Enter into Terminal:

```javascript
"node src/app.js -o '../src/order_example.json' -n 'The Jade Dumpling' -a '3, Overlinks Road, Beswick' -d 'United Kingdom M11 3DD' -v GB1234567 -b '** THANKYOU **' -i images/close_enough.jpg -p '0161 456 0972' -w 'www.thejadedumpling.co.uk' -t '** GYOZA TO GYO **' 
```

The following are mandatory command line arguments: 
 - order
 - name
 - address1
 - address2
 - vat
 - image  
 
The following command line arguments are optional: 
- phone number
- website
- currency
- locale tag 
- optional top message
- optional bottom message
- output image format 

Run '--help' in Terminal to display options, aliases, accepted data type and descriptions with restrictions. 

> 2. The CLI will process the passed information and generate a receipt image and save it in the root directory to receipt.png by default. 

Reviewer: root directory -> working directory
